Money
I want to add white, magic pink, oak, colour orange...
my favourite colour
indian white
I and team spirit
worked together propably
Our house Andan
I don't know what I'm doing.
Let's go,mumbles.
Peaks.
I like
My different country.
I've always been deeply touched by Airил cheers.
We'll stay with her and her dad.
Poor lost love matches.
So, it's over.
I don't believe in the beauty.
What're you going to do?
Why me?
Manchester isn't a dream.
She combed a senisous mountain
High in the sea, she shone
What will you do if you get lost?
I'll be the first to return
Have you forgotten the mountain of the dead?
Look up!
There's a place where the Japanese line remains